after two victorious games should play now
the third three in a row for the
ssv ulm
but also the enemy fc germania
friedrichstal was very good in the new
season started and wanted this
prevent as much as possible
now pressure started flanking from the left
side but it is missing at the beginning of the game
something else in the necessary precision
free kick for the sparrows of the balcony
perfect inside but that
subsequent header long with only on
outside network
Ulm continues to progress well
conclusion from there how broad yet
Friedrich partly keeper can in the last
clarify moment
and we continue relentlessly
are just before the break for barack obama
is the chance to shoot?
Freiberg will be at the last moment from
war explained in the second half
then comes the first end
possibility for peace
the guests come over the right side
but ssv keeper holger betz is to
location
it follows the subsequent corner of the
ball comes regulated in the sixteenth
and from behind köpf bogdan alexander call
the disco ball powerful in the
mesh
this is the 1 0 guide for the guests in
the 58th
ulm did not let the sparrows come
over the left side the ball becomes
initially clarified in the back room
but tobacco ball ready to shoot yet
his attempt will be on at the last moment
the line clarified
then a ball comes from the right
side and in the middle gets one
the friedrichsthaler player plays the ball
the hand
the referee decides rightly
on offense shock there too help everyone
protests max bachl-staudinger takes over
the responsibility and transforms
sovereign
that is the deserved compensation for the
ssv might have more in it now
again in the offensive of
friedrichsthal the tree gardener goes along
his legs are high opposite ryan den
but referee remains nothing
other than the yellow card too
numbers
For baumgärtner this is the second and
consequently , he must logically red with yellow
from the place
the ulmer now convinced in further
einwurf around the right side
extended and friedrichstal can not
clarify
peruzzo shot attempt arrived cds kaya
but his shot is at the last moment
blocked
just seconds later left over
there comes the beautiful flank in the
Sixteen and the ball is in it
with it screwing up the highest and
head to the 2 1-guide for the ulmer
the sparrows can still enjoy the game
turn and win at the end earned with
2 1 against the fc germania friedrichstal